# Project Writeup and Reflection

### Project Overview

This project utilized Flask to create a website that returned the nearest station to the user's location and whether it is wheelchair accessible or not. To begin with, we requested an API key for finding the coordinates (longitude and latitude) of a place and another API key for searching the nearest station based on the location provided. Next, we built the necessary functions under "mbta_helper.py" to locate the nearest station.  After that, we built the templates for the website, including the main page, form page, and result page. Finally, we typed the code to merge the templates while using Flask and importing functions "render_template and request" to create the website. The extension that we added to the basic requirements is the maps API, where the user could see the location of the station itself, and there is also some intractability with the map.

### Project Reflection

During the process of building the code, the hardest part was being able to retrieve data from the MBTA and finding the URL to call in the data. Once we figured that out, it was pretty easy to index the correct data. Creating the map was also another challenging part of the project, as the source we used was javascript based and required us to figure out another programming language. And even after the code works, the source we used sometimes did not load the map data.

Our team finished this assignment by splitting the work and helping one another whenever one member was unable to proceed to the next stage. Several issues arose when working together, since there were often merging conflicts, and we could not see what the other was doing until the changes are pushed. This made working on the same function difficult. We addressed this issue by delegating work to each other on different parts of the code. However, working on functions downstream (with undeveloped functions upstream) required us to have good foresight of what the previous functions do. Another problem that arose was the usage of different variable names. This resulted in our code not working out at the end even if we re-confirmed it multiple times. Therefore it was necessary to agree on a common variable naming scheme. One major lesson we learned, is that trust that the other person's code will work without fail but to also ensure that the code is easy enough for the other to understand for the development process to run smoothly.